Add documentation for `image-url-helper` components subcommand (#4788)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/image-url-helper/README.md

* The `check` command finds all Helm chart images that don't use the `imageurl` template.
* The `list` command lists all Helm chart images by checking the `values.yaml` files.
* The `promote` command updates the container registry path and Helm chart images versions in the `values.yaml` files. The subcommand also prints a YAML that can be used by the [Image Syncer](../image-syncer) tool to promote images.

> * The `components` command generates [Component-Descriptor](https://github.com/gardener/component-spec) file for Kyma repository from `values.yaml` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `components` command generates a [Component-Descriptor](https://github.com/gardener/component-spec) file for the `kyma` repository from `values.yaml` files.
```

| **--dry-run**  |    No    | The boolean value that controls the dry-run mode. It defaults to `true`.|
| **--sign**  |    No    | The boolean value that sets `sign` value in the output YAML list. It defaults to `true`.|
| **--excludes-list** |    No    | Path to the list of excluded `values.yaml` files.|

### Components command flags

See the list of flags available for the `components` command:

| Name                      | Required | Description                                                                                          |
| :------------------------ | :------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **--resources-directory** |   Yes    | Path to the Kyma resources directory.|

> | **--component-name** |    No    | Name of the component described in the `Component-Descriptor` file. Defaults to `github.com/kyma-project/kyma`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--component-name** |    No    | Name of the component described in the `Component-Descriptor` file. The default value is `github.com/kyma-project/kyma`.|
```

| **--component-version** |    Yes    | Version of the component.|

> | **--provider** |    No    | Component provider (internal or external). Defaults to `internal`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--provider** |    No    | Component provider (internal or external). The default value is `internal`.|
```

| **--git-commit** |    Yes    | Hash of the git commit.|
| **--git-branch** |    Yes    | Name of the base git branch.|

> | **--skip-image-hashing** |    No    | The boolean value that controls image tag to hash conversion. Defaults to `false`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--skip-image-hashing** |    No    | Boolean value that controls image tag to hash conversion. The default value is `false`.|
```
